What did he hear that I hired someone because a rumour has been ?
What did she go to buy a gift because she is ?
What did they not like that you were a teacher when they heard about you ?
Where did they scold me when I went ?
What did you go home because you needed to do ?
What does Alex like the woman who wears ?
Which topic did you leave because Mary talked about ?
What will I eat my hat if John buys ?
What will I buy a cup of coffee when I get ?
What have they been circulating because she wear ?
What did she say that I was waiting for someone who might get for Christmas ?
What did they not like that I am likely because you are ?
What did he hear that they gave a guitar to him when you gave to me ?
What does he speak a Balkan language because I speak ?
What did he hear that they solved the second problem because she read ?
What did I give a guitar to myself because they heard ?
What will they fail the test if they do not ?
Whom will he hire someone if I am waiting for ?
What has he been circulating who he thought was ?
What is he trying to call you if she buys ?
What did she say she would like the man if he read ?
Where did I give a guitar to myself because I went ?
What is he trying to call you if she buys ?
Whom did she say that she gave a guitar to me when I hired ?
What does he get a new phone for Christmas because she read ?
What did you need to do that if you were to go and buy ?
What did she eat my hat because they announced ?
What did she say that he will hear a rumour if she is ?
What does he speak a Balkan language because you were ?
Who did she say that she wears extravagant rings when she is waiting for ?
What does John wonder where Eric went to buy ?
Whom did Susan ask why Sam was waiting ?
What did they not like that Will asked how Sam speaks ?
What did Will ask why John read ?
Who did he hear that Eric asked where Sam is waiting for ?
Whom did Sam ask what Elnar told ?
How did they forget which problem they should solve ?
What did Sam wonder who solved ?
What did I forget who directed that I saw yesterday  ?
Where did he hear that my sister asked which direction to take for ?
What does Sam wonder why Will buys ?
What did he hear that Sam asked when Alexa directed that I saw yesterday ?
What did Fred think how Eric is likely to do ?
Whom did they not like that Fred wondered why Elnar hired ?
What did Sam wonder what Elnar has been ?
Where did Alex ask who Elnar took ?
What did she say that John asked who will read ?
Where did Elnar ask how John went ?
What did Will ask why Alex wears ?
What did she say that Will thinks he knows where Sam announced ?
What did they not like that Elnar wonders how Alex was ?
What did Alex ask when Eric ate ?
What does Sam wonder where Susan buys ?
What does Will wonder how he will read ?
How did he hear that Sam thinks he knows where Elnar gets ?
Whom does Eric wonder how Susan is waiting for ?
What did Alex ask why Susan is ?
What did Elnar ask who Will is for ?
Whom did Fred ask where Sam loaned a trumpet to ?
What did he hear that Sam asked who Eric heard about ?
Who is that went home likely ?
Whom was the story about funny ?
What has a rumor that you read been circulating ?
What was the account about difficult ?
Who is that announced a plan possible ?
Who is that speaks a Balkan language funny ?
Whom did he hear that the rumour about was funny ?
Who is that he has met unlikely ?
Which celebrity did they meet someone who knows ?
What did they hear that they made is unrealistic ?
Who is that directed the movie that I saw yesterday solved by Fourier analysis ?
Whom did one story about buy a cup of coffee ?
What did she say that they announced was about speaking a Balkan language ?
Whom were the beans about waiting for someone ?
What did he hear that the plan John announced wears ?
Who was that spoke a Balkan language funny ?
Whom were two rumours about waiting ?
Whom buys that wears extravagant rings a cup of coffee ?
Whom loaned that Fred heard the claim a trumpet to you ?
Whom is that is a teacher unlikely ?
Whom likes one boat about the possibility ?
Whom was the claim that likely heard true ?
Who eats that knows someone my hat ?
Whom does that got a new phone for Christmas not make sense ?
Who went an account about to buy a gift ?
What is that come to our party likely ?
Who did they not like that the extravagant rings takes to school are funny ?
Who is that Elnar is trying to call unrealistic ?
Who was that they loaned a trumpet to funny ?
Who was that heard the claim funny ?
His mother, he told me, is a teacher.
Who is it important to invite to our party ?
Who is it probable that Bill likes ?
Which book did John hear a rumor that you had read ?
Which car did John announce a plan to fix ?
Who does he like that their boat hired ?
Who is is important that Eric call about ?
Who did he hear that it is important to invite about Susan ?
Who did she say that it is probable saw Sam ?
Who is it important that Fred ate ?
What did they not like that Eric claimed that his story is ?
Which experience did Susan write a story to share ?
What do you hate that their story buys ?
What did she say that Eric thinks that their car wears ?
Who is it important to call to our party ?
Who did he hear that it is important to do about Susan ?
Who is it important that John buys ?
Who did he hear that it is important that Fred knows ?
She, Alex told me, went home.
He heard that Sam, she has been circulating, does not study.
What did he hear that Alex thinks that their car needed to do ?
Who is it probable that Alex ate ?
What did they not like that you read that Susan is trying to give you ?
Who did they not like that it is probable that Sam met ?
Who is it probable that the account is waiting for ?
Who did they not like that it is important to fix about Susan ?
Who did they not like that it is probable that Susan claimed ?
What does Alex not study that you bought ?
What did she say that John thinks that their rumour was ?
What is it important that Sam eats for Christmas ?
Whose does Susan like account ?
How expensive did he buy a boat ?
Whose does Eric like boat ?
How yellow did they not like that Eric loaned a trumpet ?
How silly did they not like that he told me ?
How good did he hear that is she a teacher  ?
Whose did she buy book ?
Which man 's did you see picture ?
How large did Alex eat a salad for lunch ?
Whose does my sister like shows ?
How good does Elnar like possibilities ?
How fair is Sam a teacher ?
How pretty did she say that you are waiting for a woman ?
How second did John solve the problem ?
How new did she say that Will went to buy a gift ?
How crafty did she say that he directed the movie that I saw yesterday ?
How discreet did Susan hire an agent ?
How pretty does Susan like the woman ?
How difficult did he hear that you failed the test ?
Whose did she say that John eats hat ?
How crafty did she say that he announced a plan ?
How pretty did he hear that she read the Sandman comics ?
How Balkan does Susan speak a language ?
How expensive did they not like that she wears rings ?
How pretty did she say that Susan likes the woman ?
How blue did he hear that Eric loaned a trumpet to you ?
How extravagant did they not like that Will wears rings ?
Whose did they not like that I ate old hat ?
How scandalous did he hear that Eric heard a rumour ?
How blue did Alex give a guitar to me ?
What does Alex like and beans ?
What did they not like that Fred likes cars and ?
What did Sam eat beans and ?
What did Sam give to me and loan to you ?
Whom is he waiting for and trying to call ?
What did my sister hear that Susan danced for me and sang for you ?
Who did they say that Sam helped and took care of ?
Which beverage did they order tiramisu and ?
Which dessert did he heard that they ordered and espresso ?
Which tasks did she say that he has in math and in English ?
What did I buy for him and take for him ?
What did Will whisper or car ?
What did she say that Sam whispered rumour and ?
What did Elnar buy and boats ?
What did you not study or ?
What did they not like that John likes and accounts ?
Who did she hear a rumour about and wait for ?
What did he hear that Eric ate accounts and ?
What did Will buy ?
What things did you read about and announce about ?
What did he announce a plan and speak ?
Which subjects did she not study for or fail the test for ?
What did Sam order for me and borrow for you ?
What does Will like and girls ?
What did they not like that Will bought tiramisu and ?
What did he hear that Elnar ate and story ?
Which things did she solve and give ?
What did he announce a plan and solve by ?
What does Susan like and mothers ?
What did she hear about me and take about you ?
What did you hear the claim that Fred solved ?
What does she like the possibility that she might get for Christmas ?
What Balkan language did they hire someone who speaks ?
What candy store did they meet someone who robbed yesterday ?
Which direction did you see a sign that Susan pointed us in ?
What did we hear a rumour that Sam thinks ?
How many cities does Bill have brothers who live in ?
What does Frank believe the rumour that Susan sleeps with ?
Who do n't I believe the claim that Jim likes ?
Who did my sister say that Alex is the only person who knows ?
How does she believe that Eric solves ?
What did we hear the claim that Will thinks that he will buy ?
What does Susan have students who failed ?
What do n't they believe the claim that Elnar speaks ?
What did my sister hear that Susan likes ?
Who do n't we believe the rumour that Sam is dating ?
How does Will think that she is dating someone who solves ?
What does she believe the rumour that she might have this year ?
How many cities doe he know brothers who live in ?
Who do they believe the claim that he likes ?
What did she hear a rumour that Susan sleeps with ?
How did my sister say that Julia Roberts thinks that Eric solves ?
What does she like the possibility that Susan dances ?
What do they not believe the rumour that he will buy ?
Where do they have a window that opens ?
What did Elnar meet someone who likes ?
What does Susan believe the claim that he robbed yesterday ?
Who does n't Sam believe the rumour that Sam is dating ?
What did he hear that he believes that he will buy ?
What did they rob someone who bought yesterday ?
How does she think that he died ?
How did she whisper that he had died ?
How does he claim that he got a perfect score on the test ?
How did my sister hear that Alex says that he is tired today ?
How does she know that she is pregnant ?
How does someone who speaks a Balkan language like that this is easy ?
How did he quip that today is his last day ?
Where does Alex think that Bill fell asleep ?
Where did Alex whisper that Bill fell asleep ?
How does Susan know that the sign pointed us in the right direction ?
How does he know that he bought a boat yesterday ?
How does Will claim that he solves by Fourier analysis ?
How did Sam whisper that he is dating someone ?
How did he whisper that he got a perfect score on the test ?
How does Susan think that she met someone who robbed a candy store yesterday ?
How did Bill quip that today is his last day ?
How does Elnar claim that he has a boat and a car ?
How did she whisper that she bought beans and broccoli ?
How does Alex claim that he can make tiramisu and espresso ?
How does she know that she failed the test ?
How did he whisper that he went to school ?
How does Will think that Bill is pregnant in class ?
How did Sam assert that he fell asleep in class today ?
How does someone who speaks a Balkan language solve by Fourier analysis ?
How does Susan claim that she sleeps with a teddy bear ?
How does someone who speaks a Balkan language demand beans and broccoli ?
How does Elnar demand tiramisu and espresso ?
How does Elnar assert tiramisu and espresso ?
How did she quip that he bought a boat yesterday ?
How did Alex claim that he got a perfect score on the test ?
